Apply dirmode to top-level cache directory, too (#69)
yiisoft/cache-file: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.0.1 under development

> - Chg #69: Set directoryMode via constructor and deprecate `withDirectoryMode()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chg #69: Add optional parameter `$directoryMode` to `FileCache` constructor and deprecate `withDirectoryMode()`
  method (@particleflux)
```
